Questions we do
the endless helpless a question
the red ones are the outrageous prices issues greens are the
harmless you can you maybe even see the nursery is it
yes, especially with her forehand
Walter Grath
I did not have to
Ramsey
JPY
they have their career end in the US only their Techtelmechtel with
Hollywood the ladder will owe
percent
so when I did in the office these leaders can not go otherwise
I can not really say that
No
Norma one more question remains why hot water side effects are also difficult
Best of all, before we enter the world, we must realize that agreements and will
also rather casually he
maybe they will even question you
because they are the only ones prescribed for the book for fitness
athletic type or the mustache
maybe both so instead of otherwise I would not have been able to do the book
So while I was doing the book together, I did a trainer cursor because I did
I think I'm in sports muffle and also need motivation but that has me
Finally, when did he see
is a sports enthusiast and
they are a picture that can go on
Although each voice makes one if Helmut a Greens
So far, the three girls are missing from the gas station
because of her so bad
for Sunday still change
No
with his last films it was in question after a short search earthquake
expired
Percent of revenue
Well yes I already wanted to ask the question how do you do it that way
to be disciplined after exhausting re sports
Eyes closed and wet
or do little tricks or sometimes just do not say today
Not
but I think regularity is important so even if you only have two
times a week that one trains in this one
Emma
but I do that now Monday and Thursday that one says a dealer
Eggler if you start to shit yourself then that's the beginning
from the end if you are yourself and no one was there if I am
promise says
So tomorrow morning I'm not ready in time
and do not do it
yes, then
All this is the point where you really have to say now I'm not doing it
I've promised that I have to surrender because there is no reason at all
it does not do anything to everyone
I always say that because I myself am the parent of twelve children and teachers
he will be there
that is the last case of the cases
Actually, shit yes, there's always I want to be in the game
Bohrunfall is so happy when the exams are at the university
there is no time where the apartment is so clean and tidy from the 11th
after that should
you have to do that in extended things but you make it special
thoroughly discussed
a true master in her notebook always so I do that for example if Lord
Wendt year way the investigators that you no sense if you say you hang
her mother Mandy the chancellor years ago
After all, Maren Matthes Würzburg succeeds in playing good music on this
I'll always say I'm just going to pay and when I get it
I can find shit after ten minutes again
and that's one way to get the pressure off the track a bit and I can do it
Also, no sanction for the first time sports shoe to make extreme music a bit
on normal window
and again a little bit when I realize it's really not that
is back after five minutes with her honestly I would be 1 80 percent
if you start then you do what I think so
so you can not kick your ass a bit yourself
Percentage per year so outsmarting the shoes on context side
Heller then put on stress with my blanket
what in the manual Euro so André Erkau times
You can spend a stop here around the
Choose right music or something
Not at all so they just won
Just look at it the most when you start then you are already there
So you do not think so too, everybody has such a certainty
Small ambitious was when inside to find out how to live
and that can become
that was so Berger announcement no
many thanks francs
Igor 8